Added troubleshooting checklist (#196)
oasislabs/docs: src/operators/troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshooting

> ## BEFORE YOUR TROUBLESHOOT CHECKLIST

Author: Going to make this a giant warning block

Before you begin troubleshooting we suggest you check all of the following:

* Check that your current binary version is the latest listed on the [current
  testnet parameters](./current-testnet-parameters.md)
  * Check the version on your localhost using `oasis-node --version`
  * Check the version on your server using `oasis-node --version`
* If upgrading, make sure that you've wiped state (unless that is explicitly not
  required)
* If you're doing anything with the entity:
  * Do you have the latest genesis?

>   * Do you have the correct private key (or ledger device).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Do you have the correct private key (or Ledger device).
```

  * If you're signing a transaction:

>     * Do you have enough of an account balance to make the transaction?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Do you sufficient account balance to make the transaction?
```

      * Run `oasis-node stake account info`
    * Are you using the correct nonce?
      * Run `oasis-node stake account info`
* If you're generating a transaction:
  * Do you have the latest genesis?
* If you're submitting a transaction:
  * Do you have the latest genesis?

>   * Is your node synced? The transaction will fail to run properly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Is your node synced? If not, the transaction will fail to run properly
```
